# Rust API client for dss_openapi

dSS Server JSON Interface


## Overview

This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [openapi-spec](https://openapis.org) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.6.0
- Package version: 1.6.0
- Build package: `org.openapitools.codegen.languages.RustClientCodegen`

## Installation

Put the package under your project folder in a directory named `dss_openapi` and add the following to `Cargo.toml` under `[dependencies]`:

```
dss_openapi = { path = "./dss_openapi" }
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://dss.acme.com:8080/json*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ApartmentApi* | [**apartment_call_scene**](docs/ApartmentApi.md#apartment_call_scene) | **GET** /apartment/callScene | Excutes the scene sceneNumber on a group of devices.
*ApartmentApi* | [**get_structure**](docs/ApartmentApi.md#get_structure) | **GET** /apartment/getStructure | Returns an object containing the structure of the apartment. This includes detailed information about all zones, groups and devices.
*ApartmentApi* | [**set_value**](docs/ApartmentApi.md#set_value) | **GET** /apartment/setValue | Set the output value of a group of devices to a given value.
*AuthenticationApi* | [**enable_token**](docs/AuthenticationApi.md#enable_token) | **GET** /system/enableToken | Enables an application token, caller must be logged in.
*AuthenticationApi* | [**logged_in_user**](docs/AuthenticationApi.md#logged_in_user) | **GET** /system/loggedInUser | Returns the name of the currently logged in user.
*AuthenticationApi* | [**login**](docs/AuthenticationApi.md#login) | **GET** /system/login | Creates a new session using the provided credentials.
*AuthenticationApi* | [**login_application**](docs/AuthenticationApi.md#login_application) | **GET** /system/loginApplication | Creates a new session using the registered application token.
*AuthenticationApi* | [**logout**](docs/AuthenticationApi.md#logout) | **GET** /system/logout | Destroys the session and signs out the user.
*AuthenticationApi* | [**request_application_token**](docs/AuthenticationApi.md#request_application_token) | **GET** /system/requestApplicationToken | Creates a new session using the provided credentials.
*AuthenticationApi* | [**revoke_token**](docs/AuthenticationApi.md#revoke_token) | **GET** /system/revokeToken | Revokes an application token, caller must be logged in.
*DeviceApi* | [**decrease_value**](docs/DeviceApi.md#decrease_value) | **GET** /device/decreaseValue | Tells devices to execute the scene DEC.
*DeviceApi* | [**increase_value**](docs/DeviceApi.md#increase_value) | **GET** /device/increaseValue | Tells devices to execute the scene INC.
*DeviceApi* | [**turn_off**](docs/DeviceApi.md#turn_off) | **GET** /device/turnOff | Tells devices to execute the scene MIN.
*DeviceApi* | [**turn_on**](docs/DeviceApi.md#turn_on) | **GET** /device/turnOn | Tells devices to execute the scene MAX.
*EventApi* | [**get**](docs/EventApi.md#get) | **GET** /event/get | Get event and context information for an event subscription. All events subscribed with the given Id will be handled by this call. An optional timeout value in milliseconds can be specified and will block the call until either an event or the timeout occurs. If the timeout value is zero or missing the call will not timeout.
*EventApi* | [**subscribe**](docs/EventApi.md#subscribe) | **GET** /event/subscribe | Subscribe to an event with the given name and registers the callers subscriptionId. A unique subscriptionId can be selected by the subscriber. It is possible to subscribe to several events reusing the same subscriptionId.
*EventApi* | [**unsubscribe**](docs/EventApi.md#unsubscribe) | **GET** /event/unsubscribe | Unsubscribes for the previously registered events by giving the event name and the unique subscriptionId.
*PropertyApi* | [**get_boolean**](docs/PropertyApi.md#get_boolean) | **GET** /property/getBoolean | Returns the boolean value of the property, this call will fail if the property is not of type ’boolean’.
*PropertyApi* | [**get_children**](docs/PropertyApi.md#get_children) | **GET** /property/getChildren | Returns an array of child nodes.
*PropertyApi* | [**get_flags**](docs/PropertyApi.md#get_flags) | **GET** /property/getFlags | Returns the flag values of a property.
*PropertyApi* | [**get_integer**](docs/PropertyApi.md#get_integer) | **GET** /property/getInteger | Returns the integer value of the property, this call will fail if the property is not of type ’integer’.
*PropertyApi* | [**get_string**](docs/PropertyApi.md#get_string) | **GET** /property/getString | Returns the string value of the property, this call will fail if the property is not of type ’string’.
*PropertyApi* | [**get_type**](docs/PropertyApi.md#get_type) | **GET** /property/getType | Returns the type of the property, this can be “none”, “string”, “integer” or “boolean”.
*PropertyApi* | [**query2**](docs/PropertyApi.md#query2) | **GET** /property/query2 | Returns a part of the tree specified by query.
*PropertyApi* | [**remove**](docs/PropertyApi.md#remove) | **GET** /property/remove | Removes a property node.
*PropertyApi* | [**set_boolean**](docs/PropertyApi.md#set_boolean) | **GET** /property/setBoolean | Sets the boolean value of the property, this call will fail if the property is not of type ’boolean’.
*PropertyApi* | [**set_flags**](docs/PropertyApi.md#set_flags) | **GET** /property/setFlags | Sets a given flag of a property.
*PropertyApi* | [**set_integer**](docs/PropertyApi.md#set_integer) | **GET** /property/setInteger | Sets the integer value of the property, this call will fail if the property is not of type ’integer’.
*PropertyApi* | [**set_string**](docs/PropertyApi.md#set_string) | **GET** /property/setString | Sets the string value of the property, this call will fail if the property is not of type ’string’.
*SystemApi* | [**get_dsid**](docs/SystemApi.md#get_dsid) | **GET** /system/getDSID | Returns the dSUID and dSID of the digitalSTROM Server.
*SystemApi* | [**time**](docs/SystemApi.md#time) | **GET** /system/time | Gets the installation time
*SystemApi* | [**version**](docs/SystemApi.md#version) | **GET** /system/version | Gets the server version information
*ZoneApi* | [**zone_call_scene**](docs/ZoneApi.md#zone_call_scene) | **GET** /zone/callScene | Excutes the scene sceneNumber in a zone for a group of devices.


## Documentation For Models

 - [Get200Response](docs/Get200Response.md)
 - [Get200ResponseResult](docs/Get200ResponseResult.md)
 - [Get200ResponseResultEventsInner](docs/Get200ResponseResultEventsInner.md)
 - [Get200ResponseResultEventsInnerProperties](docs/Get200ResponseResultEventsInnerProperties.md)
 - [Get200ResponseResultEventsInnerSource](docs/Get200ResponseResultEventsInnerSource.md)
 - [GetBoolean200Response](docs/GetBoolean200Response.md)
 - [GetBoolean200ResponseResult](docs/GetBoolean200ResponseResult.md)
 - [GetChildren200Response](docs/GetChildren200Response.md)
 - [GetChildren200ResponseResultInner](docs/GetChildren200ResponseResultInner.md)
 - [GetDsid200Response](docs/GetDsid200Response.md)
 - [GetDsid200ResponseResult](docs/GetDsid200ResponseResult.md)
 - [GetFlags200Response](docs/GetFlags200Response.md)
 - [GetFlags200ResponseResult](docs/GetFlags200ResponseResult.md)
 - [GetInteger200Response](docs/GetInteger200Response.md)
 - [GetInteger200ResponseResult](docs/GetInteger200ResponseResult.md)
 - [GetString200Response](docs/GetString200Response.md)
 - [GetString200ResponseResult](docs/GetString200ResponseResult.md)
 - [GetStructure200Response](docs/GetStructure200Response.md)
 - [GetStructure200ResponseResult](docs/GetStructure200ResponseResult.md)
 - [GetStructure200ResponseResultApartment](docs/GetStructure200ResponseResultApartment.md)
 - [GetStructure200ResponseResultApartmentClustersInner](docs/GetStructure200ResponseResultApartmentClustersInner.md)
 - [GetStructure200ResponseResultApartmentFloorsInner](docs/GetStructure200ResponseResultApartmentFloorsInner.md)
 - [GetStructure200ResponseResultApartmentZonesInner](docs/GetStructure200ResponseResultApartmentZonesInner.md)
 - [GetStructure200ResponseResultApartmentZonesInnerDevicesInner](docs/GetStructure200ResponseResultApartmentZonesInnerDevicesInner.md)
 - [GetStructure200ResponseResultApartmentZonesInnerDevicesInnerOutputChannelsInner](docs/GetStructure200ResponseResultApartmentZonesInnerDevicesInnerOutputChannelsInner.md)
 - [GetStructure200ResponseResultApartmentZonesInnerDevicesInnerSensorsInner](docs/GetStructure200ResponseResultApartmentZonesInnerDevicesInnerSensorsInner.md)
 - [GetStructure200ResponseResultApartmentZonesInnerGroupsInner](docs/GetStructure200ResponseResultApartmentZonesInnerGroupsInner.md)
 - [GetType200Response](docs/GetType200Response.md)
 - [GetType200ResponseResult](docs/GetType200ResponseResult.md)
 - [LoggedInUser200Response](docs/LoggedInUser200Response.md)
 - [LoggedInUser200ResponseResult](docs/LoggedInUser200ResponseResult.md)
 - [Query2200Response](docs/Query2200Response.md)
 - [RequestApplicationToken200Response](docs/RequestApplicationToken200Response.md)
 - [RequestApplicationToken200ResponseAllOf](docs/RequestApplicationToken200ResponseAllOf.md)
 - [RequestApplicationToken200ResponseAllOfResult](docs/RequestApplicationToken200ResponseAllOfResult.md)
 - [SessionTokenResponse](docs/SessionTokenResponse.md)
 - [SessionTokenResponseAllOf](docs/SessionTokenResponseAllOf.md)
 - [SessionTokenResponseAllOfResult](docs/SessionTokenResponseAllOfResult.md)
 - [Status](docs/Status.md)
 - [Time200Response](docs/Time200Response.md)
 - [Time200ResponseResult](docs/Time200ResponseResult.md)
 - [Version200Response](docs/Version200Response.md)
 - [Version200ResponseResult](docs/Version200ResponseResult.md)


To get access to the crate's generated documentation, use:

```
cargo doc --open
```

## Author

xgcssch@github.com

